designed in close collaboration with the famous guitarist and teacher of
flamenco humanoid from rising hikes
this primary race show quality cold water
the lutherie superman with an exemplary finish since in the least
details
as this rosette of beauty shows
we notice a quality of spicy ap
outstanding on the table
with a very tight grain
Cypress back and ribs is not left behind
with a cut on this neighborhood
which reveals the great
the sound is nervous and very dynamic over the entire range that allows
to fully enjoy the imperial comfort Sunday
a superb guitar that like the good wine to improve with the years